doc: security: deprecate trusted storage (#30043)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Removed the configuration page for the deprecated legacy crypto backend (:file:`libraries/security/nrf_security/doc/backend_config`).
    Configure cryptographic features using :ref:`psa_crypto_support` and :ref:`ug_crypto_supported_features` instead.

* :ref:`trusted_storage_readme` library:

  * Added the deprecation note in the library documentation.

>     The library has been replaced with Zephyr's :ref:`Secure storage subsystem <secure_storage>` (:kconfig:option:`SECURE_STORAGE`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The library has been replaced by Zephyr's :ref:`Secure storage subsystem <secure_storage>` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SECURE_STORAGE`).
```
